that dresser New Zealand extremely happy
yeah everyone is over the moon
absolutely a long preseason in Kakaako
over three months now and we knew this
game was going to be a top one you know
physically and fast they didn't
disappoint size room pretty awesome
today but for us we're so happy and was
a good team and team spirit number there
was some well they were heroes all over
the pitch but we can't discuss that game
without mentioning jonathan paul footed
David just only got off the plane a few
days ago yeah it touched down on Monday
I thinking was her putting the team on
Thursday so he was fantastic to let you
Bruno what great sunny years and an
individual is other players in their
belly was fantastic the census defense
was unbelievable and you know made I
work out a lot easier and you know
almost the more people playing for each
other here wanting the determination
from everybody was fantastic that was it
it was the old dog of all wasn't it the
real determination you will not pass
that used to see in the Great War sites
are just a few years ago yeah I mean bro
ponies were part of everybody this year
to to get them and enjoy them back into
the defense and the pride and in Sabah
beautiful scoring and they're all
preseason is showing that we don't want
like him across online today was a good
you've scored a lot of spectacular tries
for the Tigers and wasps but that must
have been one of the most satisfying
your liver school particularly in front
of a big crowd here at wicked yay now
there's nothing better than scouring the
area that bejaige cute women in front of
year you home supporters well we know
the fans of fantastic today and you know
the cheers of what I want to restore it
was brilliant even when waiting score
than you know the first half lead to be
just as good you know all day long you
could hear them screaming for us and
you for the end there are a lot of
pretty disparaging things written about
wasps in the first week preview in the
coming season and just writing them off
how much of the motivations that he's
there it wasn't at all you know the
press were right things in the back of
last year last year we will pour here
before we were much better yet make any
base base their comments on what forces
that have happened in previous seasons
and there'd be fair we're a different
team about 50 new signings as a
different team across different team
spirit and rebuilding nicely and today
was fantastic for us Tigers next week
you're on Team who lost today so they
are going to be very dangerous hey
Lester at home it's going to be an it's
going to be tough xtreme you know
special if they lost today they're
becoming hurting and they're gonna be
one to be their old rivals you know us
so it's a big game with me you notice
again that i look forward to and
hopefully i'll be involved next week
you